README.md, before:

## Matomo E2E - Testing ###

### Basic Architecture ###
![architecture](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5f13576-07c0-4418-97af-caf17666b93b)




### How to Run the Tests ###

To execute the automation tests, use the following command:

```
npx cucumber-js test
```
### Features / Tech Stacks Included ###

This automation framework includes the following technologies and features:

 - Playwright - For browser automation and end-to-end testing.
 - Cucumber JS - For Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) with Gherkin syntax.
 - GitHub Actions Workflow - Automated test execution triggered when pull requests (PRs) are made.

### Future Enhancements ###

Planned improvements and new features for the automation framework include:

 - Usage of Cucumber World
   To maintain test context and share state across steps.

 - Environment Variables Handling
   Support for different environments such as production, development, and localhost.

 - Page Object Model (POM)
   A structured approach for storing selectors and page routes for better maintainability.

 - Runtime Test Data Storage
   Implement mechanisms to store and retrieve test data dynamically during test execution.

 - Workflow Enhancements
   - Scheduled test runs at defined intervals.
   - Trigger test execution when code changes are made in the development repository (apart from the automation repository).

 - Code Quality and Compliance Checks
   - Commit linting to enforce commit message standards.
   - Super linters for code formatting, indentation, and validation.

Commit message:

docs: :memo: update readme  add screenshot of report

README.md, after:

## Matomo E2E - Testing ###

### Basic Architecture ###
![architecture](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e5f13576-07c0-4418-97af-caf17666b93b)




### How to Run the Tests ###

To execute the automation tests, use the following command:

```
npx cucumber-js test
```
### Features / Tech Stacks Included ###

This automation framework includes the following technologies and features:

 - Playwright - For browser automation and end-to-end testing.
 - Cucumber JS - For Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) with Gherkin syntax.
 - GitHub Actions Workflow - Automated test execution triggered when pull requests (PRs) are made. The test execution reports are attached as artifacts for each pull request. To download the report, go to Actions, select the relevant workflow, navigate to Artifacts, and download the report. See a sample screenshot of the report below

 ![cucumber-report](cucumber-report.png)

### Future Enhancements ###

Planned improvements and new features for the automation framework include:

 - Usage of Cucumber World
   To maintain test context and share state across steps.

 - Environment Variables Handling
   Support for different environments such as production, development, and localhost.

 - Page Object Model (POM)
   A structured approach for storing selectors and page routes for better maintainability.

 - Runtime Test Data Storage
   Implement mechanisms to store and retrieve test data dynamically during test execution.

 - Workflow Enhancements
   - Scheduled test runs at defined intervals.
   - Trigger test execution when code changes are made in the development repository (apart from the automation repository).

 - Code Quality and Compliance Checks
   - Commit linting to enforce commit message standards.
   - Super linters for code formatting, indentation, and validation.
